# Agile-project-management-in-Malaysia
Project management in the digital age can get highly complex. Project management tools help, but many Malaysian enterprises are turning to agile project management strategies to help streamline workflows, hit deadlines and reduce time to market. Agile project management is a project management methodology that can apply in a myriad of situations and contexts and prioritizes the speedy and continuous development and improvement of a project, product or service.  While there are many different forms of agile project management, the concept of breaking down large projects into bitesize chunks and working on them continuously while gathering teams regularly to discuss progress and brainstorm ideas, is a consistent one. The core principles and values of agile project management are directed at giving the best chance for people and products to succeed with early and frequent delivery, mechanisms to accept change early, and of course an extraordinary focus on people throughout.  In the Agile Manifesto, the foundations and core methods of agile project management are expressed. It is made up of four key values and twelve principles. Manifesto for Agile Software Development, which is universally referred to as the guide to the entire concept of agile development, management, thinking, and planning. The concept of agile project management was seen as an upgrade to the waterfall model, a traditional project management methodology made up of a series of individual project phases, with phases only starting once the previous phase is complete. The upgrade was categorized in four ways, making up four new key values of contemporary project management:         Working software over comprehensive documentation         Individuals and interactions over processes and tools         Responding to change over following a plan         Customer collaboration over contract negotiation  The agile manifesto also includes twelve principles which help make up agile project management and pretty much anything else that you could apply agile thinking to the outside of software development.  The 12 principles of agile are as follows: Our highest priority is to satisfy the customer through the early and continuous delivery of valuable software. Agile processes witness change for the customer's competitive advantage. Welcome changing requirements, even late in development. Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design enhances agility. Face-to-face conversation is the most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within a development team. Working software is the measure of progress. Self-organizing teams help in emerging the best requirements, architectures, and designs The art of maximizing the amount of work not done is essential. The sponsors, developers, and users should be able to maintain a constant pace indefinitely. Agile processes promote sustainable development. With a preference to the shorter timescale, deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple of months Business people and developers must work together daily throughout the project. Give them the environment and support they need, and trust them to get the job done. Build projects around motivated individuals. The team becomes more effective by tuning and adjusting the behavior at regular intervals.  An agile mindset allows for quick wins but it’s not about completing the project today. It’s about making progress, one step at a time, and sharing results to get feedback from a variety of people representing different disciplines and interests. Adopting an agile mindset is a culture shift which needs to be a consistent and meaningful shift towards transparency across all areas to work well. Agile Project Management training in Malaysia helps participants learn about the various agile processes, methods, agile testing techniques.    
